README.md, before:

# Test app for perspective-viewer-d3fc plugin

## Setup

The project expects to be the same root as the `perspective` project (e.g. uses relative path `../perspective`).
If the path is different, then update the relative scripts in `package.json`

### Install dependencies

    yarn

### Build custom version of material.dark theme

    npm run build:theme

### Link the d3fc plugin project

From the root of the `perspective` project, make sure the dependencies are all installed:

    cd ../perspective
    yarn

From the `perspective-view-d3fc` folder, register the project for `yarn link`

    cd packages/perspective-viewer-d3fc
    yarn link

From the `perspective-d3fc-test` project, link the local version of `perspective-view-d3fc`:

    cd ../../../perspective-d3fc-test
    yarn link @jpmorganchase/perspective-viewer-d3fc

## Debugging

### Watch mode

Open a Command window at the root of the `perspective` project, and run:

    cd packages/perspective-viewer-d3fc

For the initial setup, run the `focus` command to install local dependencies (press enter a few times to accept the suggested versions).
You may also need to have `webpack` installed globally.

    yarn global add webpack
    yarn install --focus

Now run the `watch` command to live-compile the code.

    yarn watch

### Run the test project

From a second Command window, in the `perspective-d3fc-test` project, run:

    npm run start

Commit message:

Updated instructions for yarn focus

README.md, after:

# Test app for perspective-viewer-d3fc plugin

## Setup

The project expects to be the same root as the `perspective` project (e.g. uses relative path `../perspective`).
If the path is different, then update the relative scripts in `package.json`

### Install dependencies

    yarn

### Build custom version of material.dark theme

    npm run build:theme

### Link the d3fc plugin project

From the root of the `perspective` project, make sure the dependencies are all installed:

    cd ../perspective
    yarn

From the `perspective-view-d3fc` folder, register the project for `yarn link`

    cd packages/perspective-viewer-d3fc
    yarn link

From the `perspective-d3fc-test` project, link the local version of `perspective-view-d3fc`:

    cd ../../../perspective-d3fc-test
    yarn link @jpmorganchase/perspective-viewer-d3fc

## Debugging

### Watch mode

Open a Command window at the root of the `perspective` project, and run:

    cd packages/perspective-viewer-d3fc

For the initial setup, run the `focus` command to install local dependencies.
When it asks which version of wepback to install, pick version "3.5.6". The press enter to accept the default versions of the remaining dependencies.

    yarn install --focus

Now run the `watch` command to live-compile the code.

    yarn watch

### Run the test project

From a second Command window, in the `perspective-d3fc-test` project, run:

    npm run start
